c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.DaisyLink.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.MulticolorLED.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.Resources.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerTwitter.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerTwitter.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\obj\Debug\GadgeteerTwitter.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Glide.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Networking.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Glide.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Networking.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Glide.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Networking.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Glide.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Networking.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.pdbx
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Glide.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Networking.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Glide.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GHI.Networking.xml
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerTwitter\GadgeteerTwitter\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.EthernetJ11D.xml
